Add notes about do not validate rw's generated columns on source (#2141)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-create-source.md

);
```

> :::note
> 
> The generated column is created in RisingWave and will not be accessed through the external connector. Therefore, do not validate RisingWave's generated columns on the source.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: Sorry for the misunderstanding. The term "valid" here refers to the logic within the RisingWave kernel, which we do not need to explain to the users. 
```suggestion
:::note

The generated column is created in RisingWave and will not be accessed through the external connector. Therefore, If the external upstream system has a schema, it does not need to include the generated column within the table's schema in the external system.

:::
```
We only need to mention in the release notes that after version 1.9, RW supports defining generated columns in the tables with the CDC connector.

Author: > We only need to mention in the release notes that after version 1.9, RW supports defining generated columns in the tables with the CDC connector.

@st1page Thanks! I'll tell @emile-00  to add this to the release note. Then do I still need to add the note to our doc:

> The generated column is created in RisingWave and will not be accessed through the external connector. Therefore, If the external upstream system has a schema, it does not need to include the generated column within the table's schema in the external system.

Reviewer: > Then do I still need to add the note to our doc
I think yes. we can notify it to user.
